all or all again here info /
olvin forum today I have an application
to be able to read on the mobile or on the
tablet two satellite channels in this case
it's channel the application is called channels
Spain in this application as you go to
see below has a multitude of
you can download it from the link
that I will leave you in the blog as always
good thing is that we have all this the k-1
the two series league soccer league
champions action cinema with an idea
sports and most of them work
perfectly there are always some that do not
they work at some point in others yes
but its general form I have seen several
channels and it is used quite remove the
television and it works properly
good good let's do the test of
agreement to which we have gone all that
let's do squeeze trying with the
colofox agree I tell you that and
recording while I watch television
obviously the mobile phone by much
much that is or does not give for more
a data while loading the buffet but
good more or less for you to see that
works
the idea if without cuts and with volume
of water
and work perfectly well for
cent when I commented this is the pit
As you can see, it is always loading a buffer
but that's why I'm recording
the time but with the wifi connection there is no
no problem and you see everything
perfectly let's try another
with another one for soccer lovers by
example let's try with channel + league
all right
it seems to be a little more open
other times good but good impressions
it opens
and here you have here you will see a is a
shorter piece because he was always
loading the ife had to delete it from
agreement but it looks pretty looks
pretty good as matches are there
channels that are not in high definition
but good our motto at the moment
download the project application
to ask before you can see any
channel is to download this other
application of the insurance of the player that
we will also leave the link even though
directly the application will not leave a
option to download it well
application is a player
streaming agreement where you can both
on television channels like it was
directly for example video from
youtube you can lose connection
directly can be different
video web pages of videos you can
see from within the world if you are from
have to enter the page or do
applications directly well good a
time it stays a bit hung but
good for a principle is going pretty well
this application and player
every time you see
every time you have to see a channel
television is going to be a little screen
which puts save the link where I
what for example what I have done is give
to remember and cancel for I'm going to
ask because it is useless to return
to the link because we already have directly
the application where they are already saved
the good links I hope you have
liked it according if you liked it
share it and good follow and zara like
it is always possible thanks and even another
two